Defining boundaries between automation framework and a
 testing tool
 Tools are specifically designed to target some particular test environment, such as Windows and web
 automation tools, etc. Tools serve as a driving agent for an automation process. However, an automation
 framework is not a tool to perform a specific task, but rather infrastructure that provides the solution
 where different tools can do their job in a unified manner. This provides a common platform for the
 automation engineer.
 There are various types of frameworks. They are categorized on the basis of the automation component
 they leverage. These are:
 1.
Data-driven testing
 2.
Modularity-driven testing
 3.
Keyword-driven testing
 4.
Hybrid testing
 5.
Model-based testing
 6. Code-driven testing
 7.
Behavior driven development
 Data-driven testing
 Data-driven testing (DDT), also known as table-driven testing or parameterized testing, is a
testing methodology that is used in the testing of
software
 computer
software to describe testing done using a table
 of conditions directly as test inputs and verifiable outputs as well as the process where test environment
 settings and control are not hard-coded.
 [22]
 [23] In the simplest form the tester supplies the inputs from a
 row in the table and expects the outputs which occur in the same row. The table typically contains values
 which correspond to boundary or partition input spaces. In the control methodology, test configuration is
 "read" from a database.
 Modularity-driven testing
 Modularity-driven testing is a term used in the testing of
software. The test
script modularity
framework
 requires the creation of small, independent scripts that represent modules, sections, and functions of the
 application-under-test. These small scripts are then used in a hierarchical fashion to construct larger tests,
 realizing a particular test case.
 [24]
 Keyword-driven testing
 Keyword-driven testing, also known as action word based testing (not to be confused with action driven
 testing), is a
software testing methodology suitable for both
separates the documentation of
manual and
automated testing. This method
 test cases – including both the data and functionality to use – from the
 prescription of the way the test cases are executed. As a result, it separates the test creation process into
 two distinct stages: a design and development stage, and an execution stage. The design substage covers
 the
requirement analysis and assessment and the data analysis, definition, and population.
Hybrid testing
 Hybrid testing is what most frameworks evolve/develop into over time and multiple projects. The most
 successful automation frameworks generally accommodate both grammar and spelling, as well as
 information input. This allows information given to be cross-checked against existing and confirmed
 information. This helps to prevent false or misleading information being posted. It still however allows
 others to post new and relevant information to existing posts, and so increases the usefulness and
 relevance of the site. This said, no system is perfect, and it may not perform to this standard on all
 subjects all the time but will improve with increasing input and increasing use.
 Model-based testing
 Model-based testing is an application of
model-based design for
 designing and optionally also executing artifacts to perform
 software testing or
system testing. Models can be used to represent
 the desired behavior of a
system under test (SUT), or to represent
 testing strategies and a test environment. The picture on the right
 depicts the former approach.
 Behavior driven development
 Behavior-driven development (BDD) involves naming
software
 tests using
domain language to describe the behavior of the
code